{
  "inputs": {
    "notes_file": "testdata/meeting-notes.txt"
  },
  "setup": {
    "files": {
      "testdata/meeting-notes.txt": "Team Sync - March 15\\n\\nAttendees: Alice, Bob, Carol\\n\\nDiscussion:\\n- Alice proposed new CI pipeline, team agreed to proceed\\n- Bob raised concern about test coverage, needs 80% before release\\n- Carol will update documentation by Friday\\n\\nQuestions:\\n- Should we migrate to new cloud provider?\\n- Timeline for v2.0 release?\\n"
    }
  }
}
